well actually a friend brought me it was
the end of the school year I was a
teacher for a long time and I was
getting ready to retire and she
suggested that I come to yoga for
exercise and to make the end of the year
goes more smoothly and the day that I
retired I got diagnosed with stage-four
ovarian cancer so it was very stressful
and I knew that I would have to go
through a lot of chemo yoga really came
into my life at a time when I needed it
more than anything else in fact I would
say that I needed it even more than a
drugs that were prescribed for me it
helped me first of all be in the moment
which has been so important to me since
my diagnosis because every day I get up
and I think I this might be my last day
and I'm going to enjoy every minute of
it and yoga really helps you focus on
the now the breathing techniques also
helped me calm down and feel better
about life I knew when I would walk into
that room with the other students and
the instructor in the class I felt a
part of something good a lot of people
when they have a fatal disease fear is a
big part of your life yoga helps you
deal with it in a positive way and turn
it into a positive things Yoga has
really changed my attitude about how I
think about things how I value every
moment timius comforting and a wonderful
teacher she's an inspiration to me she
is really helped me as much my
oncologist guess I think both of them
together are wonderful team
I would encourage other patients to give
it a try to have an open mind about it I
tried to have an open mind about it when
I started and it turned out to be
wonderful